docs(weave): add use annotation example (#3858)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/tracking/feedback.md

</Tabs>

![Human Annotation scorer history](./imgs/human-annotation-scorer-history.png)

### Use a human annotation scorer using the API

> You can use a human annotation scorer using the feedback API, with a specially constructed name and `annotation_ref` field. Find the `annotation_spec_ref` used in the example below either from the UI (use tab) or during creation of the `AnnotationSpec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feedback API allows you to use a human annotation scorer by specifying a specially constructed name and an `annotation_ref` field. You can obtain the `annotation_spec_ref` from the UI by selecting the appropriate tab, or during the creation of the `AnnotationSpec`.
```
